a beautiful summer night in southern
Manitoba knodell well it's the marriage
swagger village myself okay for everyone
over there last month after that I went
to start let's see what happens here
game underway by week is over for these
two teams the ball filed in the guard
I'm Claire instead mark on the return
that is second down and what effective
on Johnson's got a big return
66 yards and Winnipeg strikes first in
this game and wouldn't you know it it's
the defense leading the way all right
can you say deja vu certainly buck
Pierre says big play capability has
shown that time and again
and a wide the cash and there's the
first first down on a big play for the
Bombers great car on the receiving end
after the flea-flicker great car this is
how I like to see great car use Winnipeg
threatening threatening this time with
the offense out of bounds so it'll be
third down and a field goal try coming
up for Justin Palardy from about 222
down and up three more on the board but
no later to see the Everett he was
causing the plane to fly it is time that
the Bombers is another good play there
by Kris Williams on the receiving end so
a couple of first downs for the tiger
cab this game
and down low
so it's Justin Medlock and a chip shot
for him just inside the 30 to get the
Ticats on the board and a six receiver
set again another shotgun and the Blitz
is coming
first in Winnipeg Pearce was rushed and
gets it to Terrance Edwards territory
the 17-yard touchdown strike buck piers
to Clarence Denmark second and five
up and down coming down with the ball is
Erin Kelly
the moon
his Kris Williams and the touchdown if
Kris Williams was pushed out by a
defender and immediately comes back in
this play is going to be fine
Williams gives it the little out and up
on Javon Johnson gets on talking
receiver you see Johnson clearly pushes
him out
Williams fights right back in bounds
immediately this play stands
good yard and he has a first down the
sticks will move for the Ticats again
for the mentally
touchdown Hamilton that's Pocari grants
first in the Canadian Football League
three young receivers getting it done
for the Ticats Williams Erin Kelly
Bakari grant gets it on the party
you tried to tear
as hefty goes down on one look like my
Hamilton touchdown to start the second
half and that ball is out before he's
crossed the line
sure looks like Joe Loeb and on with a
great hustle play punched that ball out
before the ball breaks the plane great
call by the officials they were right on
the money what a touchdown saving
performance there by Joe low bandhana
the Bombers order in the opener back in
July first against these real bombers
recovered nicely in this game and
another completion to Bakari granted a
big first down Ticats inside bomber
territory
ten flat down with a snap
to the end zone and another flag is out
interference pass interference Winnipeg
number 23 Paulo third in gold of all the
one-yard line automatic first down
with Quinton Porter taking it in for the
touchdown
and giving the Ticats their first lead
of this game
Justin Medlock can although he hasn't
been able to tonight
20 another big play for the Bombers at a
time when they need it most
the 12 down by stepper parent Edwards
cherubs Edwards with his sixth touchdown
catch of the season second down
the clock another
sniffing a flag comes out again an
interference call another one going
against Hamilton he reacts to Denmark
reaching for the ball and then puts his
hands on the receiver the Bombers
answering back to tie now dressing to
take the lead yet again Pearson traveled
air bags
pressing them gets it away and nobody's
near they'll have to settle for a field
goal try Villar he's two for two in the
night he's just outside the 20-yard line
put down by enough and the lead goes
back to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers were a
field goal behind they have 35 seconds
to go up around the 38
situation with all the noise top to
communicate
ceptin again third down and one
and that'll do it 14 seconds on the
clock
this one on
best start since 1984 continues
the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Paul I
believe
our seven and one